Style Guide and Diataxis Review: Wallet III (#996)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: documentation/docs/libraries/nodejs/examples.mdx

import restore from  '!!raw-loader!./../../../../bindings/nodejs/examples/binding_examples/6-restore.js';
import events from  '!!raw-loader!./../../../../bindings/nodejs/examples/binding_examples/7-events.js';

In this section, you will go over several examples that use the node.js binding of the `wallet.rs` library. You can also find examples of the code in the `/bindings/nodejs/examples` folder of the [official GitHub repository](https://github.com/iotaledger/wallet.rs/tree/dev/bindings/nodejs/examples).

> All of the examples in this section are based on you having set your custom password in the _.env_ file:

Reviewer: I'm not sure this change works better than the original.

```bash
SH_PASSWORD="here is your super secure password"
```

## Account Manager and Individual Accounts

You can initialize (open) secure storage for individual accounts. This storage is backed up by `Stronghold` by default, using an AccountManager instance.  

The following example creates a new database and account:

<CodeBlock className="language-javascript">
  {create_account}
</CodeBlock>

* Storage is initialized under the given path (`./alice-database`).
* The password is set based on your password in _.env_ file (`manager.setStrongholdPassword(process.env.SH_PASSWORD)` ).
* When you initialize the new database, a Stronghold mnemonic (seed) is automatically generated and stored by default (`manager.storeMnemonic(SignerType.Stronghold)` ).

> * The seed should only be for the first time. You can open an already initialized database using your password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You will only need to set the seed when you initialize the database for the first time. You can open an already initialized database using your password.
```

The storage is encrypted at rest, so you need a strong password and location to place your storage. 

:::note

We recommended that you store your `Stronghold` password encrypted on rest and separated from `Stronghold` snapshots. 

Deal with the password with utmost care.

:::

Storage is made of two things:

> * A single file called _wallet.stronghold_, which contains the _seed_. `Stronghold` will secure the seed and encrypt it at rest. The generated seed (mnemonic) serves as a cryptographic key, which is used to generate all accounts and related addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A single file called _wallet.stronghold_ contains the _seed_. `Stronghold` will secure the seed and encrypt it at rest. The generated seed (mnemonic) serves as a cryptographic key, which is used to generate all accounts and related addresses.
```

* Other data used by the library that is stored under _db_ sub-directory. The includes account information, generated addresses, fetched messages, etc. This data is used to speed up some operations, such as account creation, address generation, etc.

One of the key principles behind `Stronghold` based storage is that no one can extract a seed from the storage. You manage your accounts via an _AccountManager_ instance and all the complexities are hidden under the hood and are dealt with securely.

If you also want to store a seed somewhere else, you can use the `AccountManager.generateMnemonic()` method. Using this method generates a random seed. You can also use it before the actual account initialization.

> You can find detailed information about seed generation in the [Developer Guide to Chrysalis](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/guides/dev_guide#seed).

Reviewer: this should link to the wiki

### Accounts

> The `wallet.rs` library uses a model of individual accounts to separate individual users or clients from each other. It is possible to generate multiple addresses for each account deterministically. You can find more information about account management in the [Developer Guide to Chrysalis](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/guides/exchange_guide#how-do-i-implement-it-to-my-exchange).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `wallet.rs` library uses a model of individual accounts to separate individual users or clients from each other. You can generate multiple addresses for each account deterministically. You can find more information about account management in the [Developer Guide to Chrysalis](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/guides/exchange_guide#how-do-i-implement-it-to-my-exchange).
```

this should link to the wiki

> Once the backend storage has been created, individual accounts for individual users can be created by running the `manager.createAccount()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have created the backend storage, you can create individual accounts for individual users by running the `manager.createAccount()` method:
```

#### Alias

An _Alias_ should be unique, and it can be any string that you see fit. The _alias_ is used to identify the account later on. Each account is also represented by an _index_ which is incremented by 1 every time new account is created. 
Any account can be then referred to by its _index_ , _alias_ , or one of its generated _addresses_ .

Several API calls can be performed via an _account_ instance.

:::note

It is good practice to sync accounts with the Tangle every time you work with an _account_ instance. This way, you can ensure that you rely on the latest available information.

You can do this using `account.sync()`.`account.sync()` is performed automatically on `send`, `retry`,`reattach` and `promote` API calls.

:::

Once an account has been created, you can retrieve an instance using the following methods: 

- [`AccountManager.getAccount(accountId)` ](api_reference.md#getaccountaccountid).
- [`AccountManager.getAccountByAlias(alias)` ](api_reference.md#getaccountbyaliasalias).
- [`AccountManager.getAccounts()` .](api_reference.md#getaccounts).

The most common methods of _account_ instance are:

> *`account.alias()` : returns an alias of the given account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `account.alias()`: Returns an alias of the given account.
```

> *`account.listAddresses()` : returns list of addresses related to the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `account.listAddresses()`: Returns list of addresses related to the account.
```

> *`account.getUnusedAddress()` : returns a first unused address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `account.getUnusedAddress()`: Returns a first unused address.
```

> *`account.generateAddress()` : generate a new address for the address index incremented by 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `account.generateAddress()`: Generate a new address for the address index incremented by 1.
```

> *`account.balance()` : returns the balance for the given account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*`account.balance()`: Returns the balance for the given account.
```

> *`account.sync()` : sync the account information with the Tangle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*`account.sync()`: Sync the account information with the Tangle.
```

## Generating Address(es)

Each account can have multiple addresses. Addresses are generated deterministically based on the account and address index. This means that the combination of account and index uniquely identifies the given address.

There are two types of addresses, _internal_ and _public_ (external), and each set of addresses is independent of each other and has an independent _index_ id.

> * _Public_ addresses are created by `account.generateAddress()` and are indicated as _internal=false_ (public).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can create _Public_ addresses using the `account.generateAddress()` function. Public addresses are flagged as _internal=false_ (public).
```

IOTA is based on _Unspent Transaction Output_ model. You can find a detailed explanation in the [Developer Guide to Chrysalis](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/guides/dev_guide#unspent-transaction-output-utxo).

## Sending Tokens

You can use the following example to send tokens using an Account instance to any desired  address:

<CodeBlock className="language-javascript">
  {send}
</CodeBlock>

The full function signature is `Account.send(address, amount, [options])`.
You can use the default options. However, you can provide additional options, such as `remainderValueStrategy` , which has the following strategies:

> *`changeAddress()` : Send the remainder value to an internal address.
> *`reuseAddress()` : Send the remainder value back to its original address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `changeAddress()`: Send the remainder value to an internal address.
* `reuseAddress()`: Send the remainder value back to its original address.
```

The `Account.send()` function returns a _wallet message_ that fully describes the given transaction. You can use the _messageId_ to check confirmation statuses. You can also retrieve individual messages related to any given account using the `Account.listMessages()` function.

### Dust Protection

> The network uses a [dust protection](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/guides/dev_guide#dust-protection) protocol to prevent malicious actors from spamming the network while also keeping track of the unspent amount ( _UTXO_ ).

Reviewer: this should link to the wiki

:::info

Micro-transactions below 1Mi of IOTA tokens can be sent to another address if there is already at least 1Mi on that address. 
That is why we sent 1Mi in the last example, to comply with the dust protection.

Dust protection also means you cannot leave less than 1Mi on a spent address (leave a dust behind).

:::

> ## Backup a Database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Backing Up a Database
```
Or switching the previous examples to Send Tokens, Check Balance, etc.

Author: First option works 👌

The following example will guide you in backing up your data in secure files. You can move this file to another app or device, and restore it.

<CodeBlock className="language-javascript">
  {backup}
</CodeBlock>

Alternatively, you can create a copy of the _wallet.stronghold_ file and use it as seed backup. This can be achieved by a daily [_cronjob_](https://linux.die.net/man/1/crontab), [_rsync_](https://linux.die.net/man/1/rsync), or [_scp_](https://linux.die.net/man/1/scp) with a datetime suffix for example.

## Restore a Database

To restore a database via `wallet.rs`, you will need to create a new empty database with a password (without the mnemonic seed). After you have created the empty database, you will need to import all accounts from the file that has been backed up earlier.

The following example restores a secured backup file:

<CodeBlock className="language-javascript">
  {restore}
</CodeBlock>

Since the backup file is just a copy of the original database, it can be also be renamed to _wallet.stronghold_ and opened in a standard way.

> ## Listening to Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Listen to Events
```
